Hello wife, I'm back from work.
Don't worry, I've been saving money for the past three years.
Already saved up for the down payment on the house
Stinky migrant worker, look at it
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Stay away from such people in the future
To keep us in check
Oh hello sir
Please raise your height later and cooperate with us to check.
What seems to have a lot of metal on it?
Metal, it looks like shrapnel.
Shrapnel comes and goes
We have detected that you are carrying prohibited items
Please agree to cooperate with our inspection.
Contraband, how could I have contraband here?
Cut the crap
Undress quickly
Good motorcycle
29 is very much you, who are you?
Let go of me let go of me
I'm just a part-time worker, what are you doing?
My wife is still waiting for me at home
Let go of my wife and wait to stop in a hurry
final jump
Welcome back after King's Landing